{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa240 \uc0\u8220{}A Red Family.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed July 14, 2025. https://aredfamily.com/.\
Belknap, Michal R. {\i{}Cold War Political Justice: The Smith Act, the Communist Party, and American Civil Liberties}. Praeger, 1977.\
Buhle, Paul, and Robin D. G. Kelley. \uc0\u8220{}The Oral History of the Left in the United States: A Survey and Interpretation.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Journal of American History} 76 (1989): 537.\
Cobden, Sandra, James Rogers, and David Rudenstine. \uc0\u8220{}Imprisoned for Membership: The Junius Scales Case.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Cardozo Law Review} 11, no. 4 (1990): 791\uc0\u8211{}802.\
Coryell, Holly. \uc0\u8220{}An Old Communist Ponders Life As A Red Menace -- Scales Worked In The South For Rights Of Blacks.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}The Seattle Times} (Seattle, Washington), September 1, 1996. https://archive.seattletimes.com/archive/19960901/2347082/an-old-communist-ponders-life-as-a-red-menace----scales-worked-in-the-south-for-rights-of-blacks.\
Friedman, Mickey. {\i{}A Red Family: Junius, Gladys, and Barbara Scales}. University of Illinois Press, 2009. https://www.press.uillinois.edu/books/?id=p076046.\
Gilmore, Glenda Elizabeth. {\i{}Defying Dixie: The Radical Roots of Civil Rights, 1919-1950}. W. W. Norton & Company, 2009.\
Holden, Charles J. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}Patriotism Does Not Mean Stupidity\uc0\u8217{}: Student Antiwar Activism at UNC in the 1930s on JSTOR.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}North Carolina Historical Review} 85, no. 1 (2008): 29\uc0\u8211{}56.\
\uc0\u8220{}Indictment, U.S. v. Junius Irving Scales.\uc0\u8221{} November 18, 1954. https://www.archives.gov/exhibits/documented-rights/exhibit/section4/detail/scales-indictment-transcript.html.\
\uc0\u8220{}Junius Irving Scales Papers, 1940-1987.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed July 14, 2025. https://finding-aids.lib.unc.edu/catalog/04879.\
\uc0\u8220{}Junius Scales.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed July 14, 2025. https://www.fromtherockwall.org/people/junius-scales.\
Korstad, Robert, and Nelson Lichtenstein. \uc0\u8220{}Opportunities Found and Lost: Labor, Radicals, and the Early Civil Rights Movement.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}The Journal of American History} 75, no. 3 (1988): 786\uc0\u8211{}811. https://doi.org/10.2307/1901530.\
Link, William. \uc0\u8220{}William Friday and the North Carolina Speaker Ban Crisis, 1963-1968.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}North Carolina Historical Review} 72 (1965): 198.\
\uc0\u8220{}Oral History Interview with McNeill Smith - Civil Rights Digital Library.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed July 14, 2025. https://crdl.usg.edu/record/ncgu_greensborovoices_jmsmith-int.\
Proyect, Louis. \uc0\u8220{}Junius Scales (by L. Proyect).\uc0\u8221{} Accessed July 14, 2025. https://www.columbia.edu/~lnp3/mydocs/american_left/scales.htm.\
Robinson, Matt. \uc0\u8220{}Junius Irving Scales, 1920-2002.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}INDY Week}, August 14, 2002. http://indyweek.com/news/archives-news/junius-irving-scales/.\
Scales, Junius Irving, and Richard Nickson. {\i{}Cause at Heart: A Former Communist Remembers}. University of Georgia Press, 2005. https://www.ugapress.org/9780820327853/cause-at-heart/.\
Scales v. U.S., 227 F. 2d 581 (4th Circuit 1955).\
Scales v. U.S., 260 F. 2d 21 (4th Circuit 1958).\
Scales v. U.S., 367 US 203 (Supreme Court 1961).\
Sheft, Mark A. \uc0\u8220{}The End of the Smith Act Era: A Legal and Historical Analysis of Scales v. United States on JSTOR.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}American Journal of Legal History} 36, no. 2 (1992): 164\uc0\u8211{}202.\
Smith Act (1940), Pub. L. No. 54 Stat. 670-71 (1940).\
Smith Act (Amendment), Pub. L. No. 62 Stat. 808, 18 U.S.C. (1948).\
T., S. \uc0\u8220{}The Case of Junius Scales.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Dissent Magazine}, Spring 1962. https://www.dissentmagazine.org/article/the-case-of-junius-scales/.\
Taylor, Gregory S. {\i{}The History of the North Carolina Communist Party}. Univ of South Carolina Press, 2009.\
\uc0\u8220{}The \uc0\u8216{}Crimes\uc0\u8217{} of Claude Lightfoot and Junius Scales.\uc0\u8221{} Civil Rights Congress, 1955. https://www.crmvet.org/docs/55_crc_lightfoot.pdf.\
}